Suggest MSRV policy (#227)
rust-lang/api-guidelines: src/necessities.md

The license of a crate's dependencies can affect the restrictions on
distribution of the crate itself, so a permissively-licensed crate should
generally only depend on permissively-licensed crates.

<a id="c-msrv"></a>

> ## Crate has a MSRV policy (C-MSRV)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Crate has an MSRV policy (C-MSRV)
```

A crate should clearly document its Minimal Supported Rust Version:

* Which versions versions of Rust are supported now?

> * Under what conditions is MSRV increased?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Under what conditions is the MSRV increased?
```

> * How MSRV increases are reflected in the semver version of the crate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How are MSRV increases reflected in the semver version of the crate?
```

> MSRV should be tested in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compliance with a crate’s stated MSRV should be tested in CI.
```

> The API guidelines tentatively suggest that, for libraries, MSRV increase should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API guidelines tentatively suggest that, for libraries, an MSRV increase should
```

*not* be considered a semver-breaking change. Specifically, when increasing

> MSRV:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the MSRV:
```

> * for crates past `1.0.0` increment minor version (`1.1.3` -> `1.2.0`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* for crates past `1.0.0`, increment minor version (`1.1.3` -> `1.2.0`),
```

* for crates before `1.0.0`, increment patch version (`0.1.3` -> `0.1.4`).

This reduces the amount of ecosystem-wide work for MSRV upgrades and prevents
incompatibilities. It also is a de-facto practice for many cornerstone crates.
This policy gives more power to library consumers to manually select working
combinations of library and compiler versions, at the cost of breaking `cargo
update` workflow for older compilers.

However, do not increase MSRV without a good reason, and, if possible, batch

> MSRV increases with sevmer-breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSRV increases with semver-breaking changes.
```

> Nonetheless, some crates intentionally choose to treat MSRV increase as a semver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nonetheless, some crates intentionally choose to treat MSRV increases as a semver
```

breaking change. This is also a valid strategy, but it is not recommended as the
default choice.

> To reliably test MSRV on CI, use a dedicated Cargo.lock file with dependencies

Reviewer: I’m not so sure if filenames should be marked as code …

```suggestion
To reliably test MSRV on CI, use a dedicated `Cargo.lock` file with dependencies
```

> pinned to minimal versions:

Reviewer 2: Some crate bumps MSRV of the crate itself due to the dev-dependency MSRV bump, but in some cases, the crate itself can be compiled with an older version, even if the dev-dependency requires a newer version.
I'm not sure if it's really preferable to recommend `cargo test` instead of `cargo build` here.
AFAIK there are many projects that do not run tests on MSRV. (e.g., [serde](https://github.com/serde-rs/serde/blob/e3d871ff7bf10dadf10bdc234a55692228358d0e/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L63-L78), [syn](https://github.com/dtolnay/syn/blob/2c83686bede4f64353e9ad10033a23f77e56eb94/.github/workflows/ci.yml), [regex](https://github.com/rust-lang/regex/blob/3bcae3b6954ea3628ef0974f0a2604a6ae248408/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L99-L103), [tokio](https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio/blob/479c545c20b2cb44a8f09600733adc8c8dcb5aa0/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L182), [futures](https://github.com/rust-lang/futures-rs/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yml), etc...)

Author: Yeah, good suggestion, applied it!

> To reliably test MSRV on CI, use a dedicated `Cargo.lock` file with dependencies
> pinned to minimal versions:
> 
> ```bash
> $ cp ci/Cargo.lock.min ./Cargo.lock
> $ cargo +$MSRV test

Reviewer 3: This is actually the first good usecase I've seen for RUSTC_BOOTSTRAP.

````suggestion
To reliably test MSRV on CI, use `-Z minimal-versions`:

```bash
$ RUSTC_BOOTSTRAP=1 cargo +MSRV -Z minimal-versions test
```
````

That said, maybe it's not a good idea to recommend it so prominently - it might be *possible* to find the equivalent nightly but it sounds annoying to do.

Reviewer 2: I definitely do not recommend using `RUSTC_BOOTSTRAP` + `-Z minimal-versions`:

* `-Z minimal-versions` is added in cargo 1.27. It does not work on older versions. (https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/commit/a38184ffe95f93481c3a02abd5b3f06c87434c32)
* If dependencies are incompatible with `-Z minimal-versions`, compile will fail for reasons unrelated to MSRV.
* It is an unstable feature, so may be changed in the future.

(Note that dev-dependencies may raise version requirements, so running `test` with `-Z minimal-versions` may not work properly for its intended purpose. Ideally, it needs to run `cargo update -Z minimal-versions` after completely remove the dev-dependencies. See https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio/pull/3131#discussion_r521621961 for more.)

Author: Yeah, I concur that manually updating `Cargo.lock.min` at this moment is likely to require less maintenance.  But `-Z minimal-versions` is clearly an interesting alternative, I bet someone will learn about it from this comment!

> $ cargo +$MSRV build

Reviewer 3: No need to do a full build.
```suggestion
$ cargo +$MSRV check
```

Reviewer 3: Well, actually I guess this breaks if you have a *really* old build. Maybe this?
```suggestion
$ cargo +$MSRV rustc -- --profile check
```

Reviewer 2: Note that even if `cargo check` succeeds, the build may fail...

Reviewer 3: It could? When would that happen, barring a compiler bug?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, see rust-lang/rust#49292, rust-lang/rust#61330, rust-lang/rust#70923, etc.

> `cargo check` performs all steps up to translation. Some errors are only detected during later phases.

Reviewer 3: I think those are considered bugs. https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3AI-monomorphization

Author: You can't also exclude some weird linking error due to some c library doing autocfg-style version sniffing. 

Generally, as we are not running or compiling tests, `cargo build` on MSRV is already bound to finish faster than any other CI job, so, in my mind, it makes little sense to micro-optimize here.
